README.md, before:

# srvs

This application was generated using JHipster 3.12.2, you can find documentation and help at [https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.12.2](https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.12.2).
And UI part was added using React

## Development

Before you can build this project, you must install and configure the following dependencies on your machine:

1. We use Node to run a development web server and build the project. 
    Install Node first, then run
   
    
        npm install


2. Build the maven project in IDEA and run SrvcApp configuration in debug mode

3. To make UI reload js right after modifications run 

    
        npm run watchBuild
        
        
## Building for production

To optimize the srvc application for production, run:

    ./mvnw -Pprod clean package

This will concatenate and minify the client CSS and JavaScript files. It will also modify `index.html` so it references these new files.
To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar target/*.war

Then navigate to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./mvnw clean test

Commit message:

Sign In form  + Swagger + Readme update

README.md, after:

# srvs

This application was generated using JHipster 3.12.2, you can find documentation and help at [https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.12.2](https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.12.2).
And UI part was added using React

## Development

Before you can build this project, you must install and configure the following dependencies on your machine:

1. We use Node to run a development web server and build the project.
   We also use Bower to setup swagger-ui
    Install Node and Bower first, then run
   
    
        npm install
        bower install


2. Build the maven project in IDEA and run SrvcApp configuration in debug mode

3. To make UI reload js right after modifications run 

    
        npm run watchBuild
        
4. Swagger is available under 

        
        'dev-docs' route
        
## Building for production

To optimize the srvc application for production, run:

    ./mvnw -Pprod clean package

This will concatenate and minify the client CSS and JavaScript files. It will also modify `index.html` so it references these new files.
To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar target/*.war

Then navigate to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./mvnw clean test
